otelhttp: Ignore informational header when persisting status (#6913)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Jaeger remote sampler's probabilistic strategy now uses the same sampling algorithm as `trace.TraceIDRatioBased` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#6892)

> - Ignore informational response status codes (`100-199`) when processing the `writeHeader` call in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` and `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6913)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ignore informational response status codes (`100-199`) when storing the HTTP status code in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` and `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6913)
```

Changelog entries should be user-facing. `writeHeader` is an internal method.
